Guiding Questions to Define The Relationship:
What are your learning goals for this project?
What is your collaboration style? How do you feel about pair programming vs. divide-and-conquer approaches?
How do you communicate best? How do you appreciate receiving communication from others?
How would you describe your work style?
What’s gone well or poorly in your previous projects?
What do you need (resources, environment, communication) to do your best work?
What scheduling restraints do you have? What are your scheduling preferences?
What is your style for giving feedback? Does anything ever hold you back from giving feedback?
What do you identify as being your biggest strength(s) technically, as they relate to this project? Where do you feel you could use improvement in your technical skills, as they relate to this project? How can our team help support you in improving these skills?
What tools do you want to use to manage the project?
How do you want the group to solve problems when members run into issues with features of the project?
How do you know if a project is successful? How can we achieve that as a group?


Any additional questions that you would like to add:


Template for DTR Memo:
DTR Memo
Project: Black Thursday.
Group Member Names: Mike Schutte & Jason Conrad

Project Expectations: What does each group member hope to get out of this project? Goals and expectations: Mike - To Pass. Finish (not finish last minute) Be ready for 4 by saturday, Have a clean Project 
Jason - Strong Testing and Braking things down really small
	
Schedule Expectations: When are we available to work together and individually?
Mike- plan to stay till atleast 7 every day
Jason- Friday as a polishing code checkin/DTR otherwise open availability 

Communication Expectations: How often will we communicate? How do we keep lines of communication open?
Mike- Agrees with me 
Jason- Slack Channel, specialized branch names with initials 

Abilities Expectations: Technical strengths and areas for desired improvement:
Mike- Technically he feels comfortable. being a better collaborator Module testing
Jason- Continue breaking down methods/classes and testing

Workload Expectations: What features do we each want to work on?
Will revisit after we go over the specs

Workflow Expectations: Git workflow/Tools/Code Review/Reviewing Pull Requests: Commit to the current branch at least every 30-45 or anytime we take a pomodoro.

Expectations for giving and receiving feedback: In the moment, if we aren’t in person send in slack

Agenda to discuss project launch:

Ideas:
 
Tools: 

Additional Notes:





